Before analyzing a system under ISO 26262,
you need to create a plan.
Designing a safe vehicle requires more than
a methodical analysis of hardware and software components.
Vehicles are complex systems with both sociological and technical requirements.
If your company or team does not take safety seriously,
how can you expect to design a safe vehicle?
If roles and responsibilities haven't been defined,
important design steps might be missed.
So our first step in functional safety is to write a safety plan.
The safety plan forces us to define roles
then outline the steps we will take to achieve functional safety.
In this lesson we will teach you
the basic parts of a safety plan so that you can document your own.